get comfortable and get ready to
continue laughing with the super
faranduleros
and the victims of today is nothing more and nothing
less than the beautiful the very nice
geraldine bazán since it is the character
of regina in how the cinema there is
Robert
he is my little brother my brother
and always and even the cool job
In the evenings
at one with the killer killers
thanks study we are here very
near where they are teaching the war
of the sexes and we're here on dates with
the stars where we control the
celebrity and today a star geraldine
bazán or léger antich like these nothing else
and nothing less than how the cinema is a
pretty controversial girl
but this year but it comes with art
operators said
but right now
I tell him
quickie
okay
but there is not
no no
but to you
and not because but why
because I have to feel sorry I was going to
take a fever
how is your character good and I am very
happy because he has had very good
acceptance has liked the
people and more who mentions is
Awesome
no longer lose
but he must do
he is a physical mathematician
to professionals
professional
I told you, ruperto, that's why I did not want you
bring but in its season
but to her she is the one of all the cinema
late but always I am but that
so much
hey you know that the gene usually does not
it gets like this but look at this geraldine
here your angels the club president
fan of it
if we give him if in some sport
thanks to studies and effectively
we are here very close to the studies
to be doing nothing more and nothing
less than the war of the sexes the
trials and at this moment we
we want to put a little bit in there in the
time here on appointment with the stars
where we control the show
to say one thing because to the camera
like a joke is in what madness
and Venezuela
and this time the team what madness came out
again on the street this time to
ask him what to do to
eradicate fix elfa betis mo in
venezuela let's see with the forces
good
what you have to be studying
look
to be tempted
something that literacy can not
eliminate the past we would arrive all
us before
in the way of d
University
when high schools and good schools
is pending in education because it is
what we need at this moment
second the truth
studies
do not leave, it's all over now
we return that go this kills me
ernesto to me too
good if I realize that the work of
the chubby